[music]
Second last pharmacy school term.
[bell]
[music]
Hi guys. Happy first day of school. I'm
going back to pharmacy school for my 3A
term. This is actually my second last
pharmacy school term. And so it's
actually my second last day of school as
well. It just feels so crazy [music]
just because I feel like my pharmacy
journey has been so long. I am taking a
full course load which is five courses
and a lab I believe. I usually know all
my different course syllabi like like
the back of my hand, but I haven't
gotten internet installed at my new
apartment. So I've been kind of slacking
on the back to school prep if I'm going
to be honest, which is kind of stressing
me out because as you guys know like
being a student is like my number one
job. It's like the most important thing
to me. And so I really need to get to
school to download everything just
because my hotspot has not been cutting
it. It's just it won't connect to my
laptop for some reason.
[music]
And this is the perfect blush for me.
Sleepy girl by road. I am so tired. It
is not funny. I also haven't opened my
blinds completely. So if it looks dark
right now, like that's why
[music]
last step is always powder. But I have a
feeling nothing can really cover [music]
up my 4 hours of sleep and collective 10
hours of sleep the last 2 days. Like I
have not really been sleeping that much.
But we can only try our best. I also
normally wash my hair before the first
day of school, but I just didn't have
time this morning because of therapy.
This is my final makeup look. And
[music] now I'm going to get changed.
And now I'm all dressed. Please ignore
the boxes. I've been living here for
like 3 days. This is the Gasboard
cardigan from Seson. This tank top is
from Verish. And [music] then these
jeans, I don't remember where they're
from, so I will link them on screen. But
anyways, let's head to school.
>> [music]
>> This is Bros
infection. [music]
[music]
>> I just got out of my 3hour lecture and
I'm fading so hard, you guys. I feel
like my attention span definitely
shortened while I was out of school for
the last 4 months, but at least it was
interesting and it's done now. And now
my first order of business is to make my
notion calendar with all my due dates
for like assignments, labs, group
projects, etc. Cuz I just took a browse
and it looks like a lot. So now my
friend and I are going to go and do
that.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Hey guys, it is my second day back to
school and I've just gotten ready super
quickly. I'm not doing any makeup today
because I'm too tired. Even though that
probably means that I need it more
because these eye bags are no joke. I'm
wearing something really comfy again.
It's just like this plain sweater in the
front, but the back print is really
cool. I'll put like a photo up. And I'm
actually up pretty early. It's around
7:00 right now, but it's because I have
a lot of things to do. So, yeah, let's
get it done.
[music]
All the books that I could find from my
moving boxes, I've put on the shelf. I
definitely have way more. I just don't
know where they are right now. And
they're not sorted in any way
whatsoever. Not by color, not by author,
not by genre. It's just [music] a
mixture of things. And I kind of like
this look for right now.
>> [music]
>> And I have this Sunseeker Neota that I
always [music] put by this lamp cuz I
think she's so cute like that.
[music]
So, this is kind of all I've got for
now. I definitely need to fill the other
sections on the shelf, but decorating is
supposed to be intentional and take some
[music] time. So, I'm not going to worry
about it too much right now. I already
know it's not perfect. So, yeah. [music]
>> [music]
[music]
>> Oh,
[music] hey.
[music]
>> [music]
>> That's why you tend to get a lot
>> Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[music]
Join the patient.
Good morning, guys. It is another day in
the loft. Bit of a mess right now
because obviously I'm still moving in
and all of that, but of course I have my
desk set up and I'm just doing the path
of lecture before the therapeutics
lecture, which obviously get a better
understanding of the [music] disease.
So, what I'm doing is listening to the
lecture and having these slides pulled
up side by side and I'm just taking
little notes and making [music] like
bottom lines or like key takeaways for
the slides that are more important. And
that's what I usually do during my first
pass of new content. I also need to
[music] do my grocery order. So, I'm
going to make that list right now and
then I'll either pick it up or get it
scheduled for after class.
Hey guys, I just got in from class and I
found these waiting for me at my door. I
have a feeling I already know who
they're from, but we're going to read it
together. Oh my gosh. It says happy
housewarming Brianna from Garbo and
Aninsley. And it's the fact that I'm
renting this place and I have moved
seven times in the last 3 years.
Obviously, they haven't sent me flowers.
I haven't known them for those whole 3
years. But the girls just get me. And
guys, I actually have to show you
something really cute because they
actually sent me almost the exact same
thing the last time I moved and I lived
here in Waterl. These girls are honestly
just my best friends in the world.
Between the three of us, it is always
floral galore and I'm just so lucky. I
need to text them right now.
[music]
Oh my goodness. Like guys, look how
beautiful these are. [music]
Okay, and now I'm by the front door
because I want to tackle some of the
packages that I've gotten recently that
are hopefully going to turn this house
into more of a home, but it's an
apartment. Um, number one thing is that
I want to build this armchair that I
got. So, I'm going to start there.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Okay.
[music]
>> Thank you. [music]
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hey, don't worry about the uh
pick up. [music]
>> Um, I'll come home cuz I can take the
train.
>> Okay. Sorry. I just needed a little bit
of a moment because I just told my
parents that I was a little bit stressed
about school and I was kind of having a
bad day and their first reaction is to
just come up immediately. Help me finish
unpacking. run errands with me and bring
me homecooked meals. But I was just
trying to tell them that I understand
they're very busy and that they can't
just, you know, drive up here and they
shouldn't spend so much time what some
people would call cuddling or what
others might just call like being
caring. But anyways, that really cheered
me up and I'm going to finish putting
away these groceries.
[music]
I got shrimp and scallop one ton. I got
another pack of frozen udon. I got
sliced beef rolls. And then I just got
some bee bane and peeled shrimp just for
ease. As for veggies, I just got some
Chinese like bok choy and some green
onions. And then also some shiakei
mushrooms.
[music]
>> [music]
>> There is a snowstorm.
I don't know why I'm smiling. It's going
to me tomorrow.
[music]
>> [music]
>> appointment
and she was like
[music]
it's finally time to eat.
[bell]
You guys can probably already tell what
I've made for dinner, but I just made
some kimchi jig or like kimchi stew. And
this is only my third or fourth time
[music] making it, I think. And my first
home-cooked meal in this loft. It's
obviously piping hot, so that's why I
was just waiting for it to cool down.
But I am so excited for this.
It's actually really good. Yay. I would
have been so mad if I spent an hour
cooking this and it was not good.
[music]
>> [music]